fix: loki source file read legacy position (#4275)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `tail_from_end` argument to `loki.source.podlogs` to optionally start reading from the end of a log stream for newly discovered pods. (@harshrai654)

> - Remove limitation in `loki.source.file` when `legacy_position_file` is uset. Can now recover position even if labels are added before. (@kalleep)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove limitation in `loki.source.file` when `legacy_position_file` is unset. Alloy can now recover legacy positions even if labels are added. (@kalleep)
```
